[NET-711]: Support multiple streams in setPermissions (#455)
streamr-dev/network-monorepo: packages/client/README.md

})
```

> There is also a `client.setPermissions`. You can use it to set an exact set of permissions for multiple streams. Note that if there are existing permissions for the same users in a stream, the previous permissions are overwritten:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also method `client.setPermissions`. You can use it to set an exact set of permissions for one more more streams. Note that if there are existing permissions for the same users in a stream, the previous permissions are overwritten:
```
